Update signin and signup (#362)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/components/authentication/sign-up.mdx

| Name | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `appearance` | `object` | Controls the overall look and feel of the component. See [Appearance](/docs/components/customization/overview) for more information. |

> | `routing` | `string` | The routing strategy for your pages.<br />Supported values are: <ul><li>hash (default): Hash-based routing.</li> <li>path: Path-based routing.</li> <li>virtual: Virtual-based routing</li></ul>Note: If you are using Environment Variables for Next or Remix to specify your routes, this will override to 'path'.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `routing` | `string` | The routing strategy for your pages.<br />Supported values are: <ul><li>hash (default): Hash-based routing.</li> <li>path: Path-based routing.</li> <li>virtual: Virtual-based routing</li></ul>Note: If you are using Environment Variables for Next.js or Remix to specify your routes, this will be set to `path`.|
```
